libp2p 2016-08-22
=================

### Lead: David Dias
### Notetaker: @flyingzumwalt

#### Participants

- @whyrusleeping
- @jbenet
- @richardlitt
- @lgierth
- @flyingzumwalt
- @diasdavid

## Agenda

- Roadmap Check-in
- DHT - Providing records faster
- pubsub harness - https://github.com/gavinmcdermott/pubsub_testnet/issues/1
- interop tests
  - https://github.com/ipfs/js-libp2p-ipfs/issues/15
 
## Notes

_After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue_

### Roadmap Check-in

The items discussed for libp2p roadmap are all scheduled for Q4. 

There has been huge focus on js-ipfs milestones that affect libp2p and are scheduled after js-ipfs Milestone 4. We are discussing those items as part of the js-ipfs roadmap & sprint planning.

We have set up libp2p org in github.
@diasdavid will work on finalizing the libp2p roadmap in the libp2p org. See this PR: https://github.com/libp2p/libp2p/pull/2
https://github.com/libp2p/libp2p/blob/pm/project-roadmap/ROADMAP.md

**Goal**: Don't pass another week without a clear Roadmap for libp2p

### libp2p.io website
@richardlitt is working on this. More discussion after the call.
Tickets around this will start rolling into the libp2p org

_This relates to the discussion about interfaces, which need to be presented clearly on the website._

@richardlitt proposes a call about the libp2p website later this week, after wednesday
Most of this can be done async. @richardlitt will open tickets for discussing related issues.

### DHT - providing records
esp. relevant for content routing
current implementation of provides introduces umwieldy overhead. This is especially problematic for large files/trees.
@whyrusleeping has been thinking a lot about this
Steps forward (@whyrusleeping is doing this): 
    * add a flag to do an `ipfs add` without providing the blocks to DHT
    * add config option to skip providing by default
    * add an explicit `provide` command for cases when you want to explicitly provide
Now, if you add a file twice it provides that file twice, which adds a lot of bandwidth. Adding checks to knock out that repetition.

This connects to a lot of issues around routing, small networks, etc.
Observation: in a lot of cases you can get away without a DHT at all (evidence: orbit)

### pubsub harness

@gavinmcdermott is working on this.
Everyone should check out this harness that gavin has been working on.
https://github.com/gavinmcdermott/pubsub_testnet/issues/1

## Action Items

- [ ] Provide feedback on libp2p Roadmap PR https://github.com/libp2p/libp2p/pull/2 (who needs to do this?)
- [ ] Go through all of the items here and make sure they have issues for follow up. (@diasdavid)


# [Goals for this Week](https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/146#issuecomment-241680012)
